You're in a sort of time, choosing your battles, picking yourself up and dusting yourself off and back in the shadow
You're on the front fire, everyone's watching, you know it's serious we're getting closer this isn't over
The pressure's on, you feel it, but you got it all, believe it.
When you fall get up oh oh, when you fall get up hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa cuz this is Africa
Samina mina hey hey, waka waka hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. This time for Africa
Listen to your heart, this is our motto. Your time to shine, don't wait in line. Vamos por todas, people are raising their expectations. Go on and feed them, this is your moment, no hesitation.
Today's your day, I feel it, you paved the way, believe it.
If you get down get up oh oh, when you get down get up hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa This time for Africa
Samina mina hey hey, waka waka hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. Ana wa a a
Samina mina hey hey, waka waka hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. It's time for Africa
Awe yala amajona piki piki mama wa from east to west, basi waka waka ma hey hey, waka waka ma hey hey. Zambezi sama mazi wa. Basi this is Africa
Samina mina hey hey, waka waka hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. Ana wa a a
Samina mina hey hey, waka waka hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. It's time for Africa
Tsamina hey hey, Tsamina hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa
Ana wa a a Tsamina hey hey, Tsamina hey hey, Samina mina Samina kale wa. Ana wa a a
This time for Africa
We're all Africa, We're all Africa